hey guys so today I'm gonna be filming
an outfit of the day with my friend Tori
and you guys should definitely go check
out her channel she also has a beauty
channel which will be right there and
also down the description box because
her channel is awesome yeah we're cool
like that right yeah so go to her out
and we are gonna be doing an outfit in a
day so let's get into it hey guys so
today I am wearing a simple very flowy
dress that I got from forever 21 i think
it was eight dollars and eighty cents um
it's kind of that a racerback back to it
so i think that it's really cool um and
also you're all come closer for this
it's got ruffles around the bust and
like right at the top and it also
pinches in at the waist to right above I
mean below the bus to show off the shape
it does come a couple inches above your
knee so it's very light and very flowy
and perfect for summer and is my outfit
okay so for my outfit um on the top I'm
just wearing this yellow tank top it's
just a basic tank from j.crew and then
I'm wearing these shorts that I got from
Lilly Pulitzer when I was on vacation
and they're just this like green blue
yellow and pink kind of like nautical
design I guess and then they have a
scalloped edge at the bottom which I
thought was cute and just kind of added
something like to the shorts and then I
just put it all together with this pink
belt I also got this while I was on
vacation and it's just a bright pink
belt it's just kind of fun and adds a
little pop of color so that is my outfit
okay and for my shoes I'm just wearing
the simple I kind of like to look at the
as lief rhinestone flats and they're
from wet seal they were thirteen dollars
and if I turn this way you can see they
have a strap and a buckle around the
back and yeah I think they're really
cute and they're really comfortable so
those are my shoes and for my shoes I'm
just wearing these really comfortable
flip-flops um they're from clarks and
they're like this leather tan kind of
color and they're really worn out
because I wear them a ton but yeah they
just have this cute flower on the strap
and they're just super comfortable and
yeah so those are my shoes okay for my
necklace I haven't on this end on the
simple black like single strand necklace
it says love on it I got it from forever
21 down in danbury for a dollar fifty
which I think was a really good bargain
and then for my earrings they're like I
don't wanna say pearl because they're
not actual pearl but the circle like
they kind of look like pearl will just
say pearl dangle earrings that i
actually got in New Mexico when I was on
vacation and they were ten dollars at
this cute little shop that we went to so
those are my that's my necklace in my
earrings next my bracelet that I
actually got from my mom for Christmas a
few years ago it's from New York &
Company and it's simple and black it's
got three strands of beads and they have
little silver beads in there and I think
it looked good I had other blue bracelet
said I was going to put on but I think
this looks best especially with the
shoes so that is my bracelet and my ring
is just a simple flower ring that my
grandmother gave me that she brought
back from Crete I think she said or
either that or Malta I can't remember so
simple flower in the middle and then on
the two sides got swirls of like green
and it is adjustable so you can wear it
on pretty much any finger so that is my
jewelry and for my jewelry I'm just
wearing these three bracelets I'm
wearing this like coral beaded bracelet
I got this from a jewelry store close to
my house I got it a while ago though and
then I have in the middle this little
silver bangle and it has an e on it I
don't know if you can tell but it's from
the brand Alex and Annie and I got it in
New York City and then I'm wearing this
clear like crystal kind of bracelet and
I got this from Francesca's and it's
just a simple breeze blood I just
thought they look kind of good together
and the core will add it a little pop of
color and then on this hand I'm just
wearing this ring and it's these three
silver rings but they're all like
connected and I got this from american
eagle and yeah so that is my jewelry so
that is our video hope you guys enjoyed
and please please please subscribe to me
I think thank you so many user name is
like Tori Bailey I was having like an
issue with my username I'm gonna try to
figure out how to fix that but for right
now it's just Tori Bailey and that will
be in the description box the link to my
channel so please subscribe oh yeah I'm
just starting out so it would be great
if you subscribed and thanks for
watching thank you and we'll see you
guys later bye
we're going to be doing an outfit of the
day for you guys yeah yeah what are you
doing how we're gonna Punk and down to
this is it my football asleep we'll
bring the way